# Quality Plants Mod

*Gardening is hard.*
[GitHub](https://github.com/Soul-Da-Sythe/QualityPlantsMod)


Hey, this is a quick mod that makes it so whenever a seed is planted, its quality changes depending on its pot.

- **Grow Tent** = Trash Quality
- **Cheap Plastic Pot** = Poor Quality
- **Moisture-Preserving Pot** = Standard Quality
- **Air Pot** = Premium Quality

Additives work as normal, so you can directly grow Legendary plants with an Air Pot and some Fertilizer.

I feel this makes the quality system more salient during gameplay because tbh I personally never had to worry about it, I just started making Legendary product for funsies. 

UPDATE: changed the Drying Rack to unlock at the same time as the Plastic Pot. Now i just have to update the warehouse unlock. kinda stupid you cant purchase plastic pots when you unlock them. When you unlock the warehouse you already have access to the Moisture-Preserving Pots, rendering them useless imo.  

UPDATE 2: Overhauled the Pot and Light unlock levels.

- **Grow Tent** = Normal Unlock Level
- **Cheap Plastic Pot** = Street Rat V
- **Halogen Grow Light** = Street Rat V
- **Drying Rack** = Street Rat V
- **Moisture-Preserving Pot** = Hoodlum V
- **LED Grow Light** = Hoodlum III
- **Air Pot** = Hustler V
- **Full Spectrum Grow Light** = Hoodlum V
- **Drying Rack** = Street Rat V

my reasoning is:
- Because the Grow Tent only gives Trash Quaity weed and almost everyone wants Poor Quality you should unlock it quickly.
- You should obiously unlock Cheap Plastic Pot at the same time as Halogen Grow Light.
- As lights dont upgrade the quality, just affect speed they should be unlocked quicker than the pots.
- Lights are unlocked every 3 tiers
- Air Pots are strong, so should be unlocked later.
- Drying Racks are basically useless after Air Pot unlock, so unlocking it early give you more use out of it.

Of course if you dont agree I included a config that lets you change these values as you wish.  
Its in MelonPreferences.cfg in the UserData folder generated by MelonLoader.
You need to put one of these exactly for the Rank option. Tier is a number 1-5. 
 
Street_Rat  
Hoodlum  
Peddler  
Hustler  
Bagman  
Enforcer  
Shot_Caller  
Block_Boss  
Underlord  
Baron  
Kingpin  
 


I created this mod with [Quality Bonus](https://www.nexusmods.com/schedule1/mods/314) by ms1m in mind.

# Highly Recommended  
[Warehouse Always Open](https://www.nexusmods.com/schedule1/mods/189?tab=files)
It's on nexus but the 1.0.2.4b I saw is clean AFAIK  
If this isnt installed you can't normally enter the warehouse to purchase the pots before Hoodlum V.  
*(you could also just do the warehouse glitch to enter whenever you want though, so its not required)*





Look out for future quality mods, might be slow as I have no idea what I'm doing.
